gustavo ribeiro ferreira a
hi good night brasília thursday 7 pm half a dozen and a half dozen
august say then did august i remember you here the 1945 hiroshima bomb
90,000 to 160,000 killed in a single World War II Scout bomb of
nagasaki but a little more demanding but it is really to remember here the horrors
of war and a country and that peace the peace that that has to do even seems to
war is here then exaggerating our interpreter of pounds and the right is
the gender after the leandro that the interim minister for the time being wants to
so now here look at this health care ok he was the executive nelson has to
left right for personal reasons he took over and has been working so far
although some criticized it for being military
and what is not required, right, that you are not qualified to be a doctor used by
but it is taking the issue of 10 15 days 17 secretaries very well
of health in brazil was consulted and approve your work i work more
digestion well that will talk about in a little bit here and i'm going to for a few moments is a
start until he is not the army general so the doctor will
with all due respect we have the class here look
and here’s my compliment o ceara champions of the northeastern cup I won today
a shirt also from and what do you see the shirt from
joinville to whom week I run a race girl wants to race to
divide chubby for you this is correct is chubby so this is it
the past is for that day also to show a little bit just a little bit
almost nothing special commands the beer beasts 1
and then there are two shirts, right from the railroad rail athletic club
two shirts
hi aunt carol ok too she started to have a point here
hahaha we received a letter here from president josé dilton pereira filho at
junkyard athletic club is saying it was teamed up with that
length railway workers here our melissa structure the
tarcísio cut reinvigorating here the railway network in brazil is also here
expanding these lines, it looked like the southern night with all
sure next year's end is almost all completed versus the photo too
we are also working steadily in transnordestina also in the fiol
west-east we agreed with the union the first job of and their the
person of the minister augusto nardes and the collection of the paulista mesh that goes
then the seed interconnects there with the rio grande do sul we are working to
possibility that possibilities of what I don’t want to promise something doesn’t
I can do it, right? It’s the revitalization of that railway that starts there with saints
and there will be the coast passes through the region over catho is a little bit
away is no longer blocking the record jacupiranga cajati i'm a job
even half tarcísio ours here that we are working hard beginning looking for
the private initiative that has to see if there is economic viability or not
ask for a visa that produces valdo ribeiro we have hope and work on that
sense there
hi all right all right quickly here for you make heello take charge
here in this conversation with all of you here we selected yesterday has the name
of the relationship of the camera and son hi celso ramos where the complementary law
that allowed micro and small companies to fit into the simple national
renegotiate union taxes the jorginho mello was the rapporteur in the senate goes from
santa catarina is missing only the deputy rapporteur
federal gustavo coutinho ribeiro you already deputy gustinho ribeiro ribeiro do
sergipe sergipe sergipe reported in bed congratulations to the two
parliamentarians here we have the last week in bagé knows but boy I
I know you miss talking about something to shine you are married single
together with the local mayor we delivered more than a thousand houses of the
program my house my life and also the mayor in contact with us from the city
the army always ends like this, finish a job there that there are more than ten
years the stop which is a dam i didn't know that bagé had a lack problem
of water even knows that in large part it would be
our northeast there so we made contact with the presence commander but the
defense on the same day it was already here that recognition of the principle the
the army has technical conditions, this rubber will be completed once
once completed according to local authorities the mayor of another bagé will no longer have
problem of lack of water has rights and rio grande do sul had some with
lack of water you didn't know that to go and congratulate I have to say everything
every Thursday right our federal highway police that yesterday the work
exceptional with seizure of dozens of rifles and hundreds of pounds of drugs
here and one even gives in the state of itaguaí rio de janeiro lapa 2011 rifles
22 rifles 21 pistol and 300 kg of marijuana so congratulations to the highway police
federal and the destination pdf so far more than 30
million reais to fight the virus what a difference is the time ago was kind of
trillion if it is for me I used for dictatorships it changes out for friends
believe in Brazil hello and well come down with another guy
some time ago we signed an ordinance together with the minister benedict
albuquerque of the mines and energies that treats and diego clean energy right via
solar energy its photovoltaic plates in the Amazon region, meeting the norm
states bringing electricity to 70 thousand families in the Amazon region
hi and we often do you go to the northeast, you know, say there is no water
then you go there to the Amazon region there is a lack of electricity
well then gradually it is or even accelerated close to the color of the resource we
we are there doing what we can and to assist our brothers there in
northeastern north south region also shaman to assist with energy
electric o and water also the mother only then visit
your curiosity to see if you can't follow a job closely
intense in health, right, I’m going to the cid with the minister of education is mine
education is milton here yesterday was negative it is not a virus of it then it is
there for bed 20 days out of combat does not have a negative the virus and it will
they will land by helicopter in the infantry battalion disappeared second of
today they are vicente they are vicente and milton did center l so i felt like i had done
young man 300 years ago you will be caught in são vicente the 400 years ago will also
need defense with us I already fernando who commanded the battalion of the time he
was that she cut it right afterwards we will arrive at the bridge
the bridge of the bragueto negro barreiro bridge of the barreiro that connects there are
vicente the continental part without a cell phone my cell was pretty she can she
here that this pencil doesn’t know what that is, babe
and there and since you there goat of the plague that is
a bridge connecting the nolan iron and ceara a good one will not be a good thing
I'm going to make this short but the woven streak makes another lack of asphalt
but soon to the head well then the bridge that deputy rosana
valle grandson in contact with us late last year i passed by him dr the
carmo ministry i don't care he went there he got 50ml of gas a
bridge that had been closed but more than 100 thousand people are passing by my cultures
150 thousand people on foot or by vehicle and I think a large part will have
uninterrupted tomorrow I already saw feeling more or less already has already has the staff ok
going over there and play week is the bridge is going to go back to normal ok
continue I will start with an important subject
the decree right and leaves using almost two billion
a lot of money to make a vaccine involved developed in the
oxford university that's right oxford oxford you speak church no no
do us okay say something about this vaccine how many doses we will have ok
when this is a work done by the health ministry the oswaldo foundation
cross with the company transgenics is a producing company and with the university
oxford from london in england and this vaccine we were a perfector
we are looking for all the other vaccines there, this is the most promising so far and
it should be able to be used in the population from January
next year december january next year so that in contract provides for the
transfer in technology to manufacture vaccine and material product
to use in the pharmacological input and the equipment so that the profits can
producing vaccines in the initial $ 100 million amount are
with this first installment, we already expect to vaccinate half of the population there
and during vaccination with the capacity already installed in the Fiocruz and
factory the rest of the doses needed to vaccinate the country as a whole are to see
technology also comes technology I'll also bathe technology everything
for us to reproduce here, right, January more or less learn a good post
put put put so what if god wants to be all right it looks like everything is fine there in
very well the colored faces we had a problem until the final solution of the
politician is vaccination you can see it makes the mistake bro it's ok i'm right
and the hydroxychloroquine collection a controversy in Brazil everything from four
months ago when i talked about it leaves american i'm not a doctor i studied how
this issue was in the world, I talked with fear of Brazil, I talked with colleagues from
amazons was now commanding division of the amazon now this here is very
common in the amazon I marked here this one here is malaria sea shake is a clips and it is
provided by our labs there he wants it for all of our
border platoons in western or eastern central-west amazon to
malaria so it already has a long history of more than 50 years more than 50 years it
he said he is felipe is the army's chemical-pharmaceutical laboratory
manufacture this material in sufficient quantity to lose our
military and also part of the riverside population these Indians are also well
close and catches malaria also very much recognize net
and this we have this question here history do a while ago here about
the war of the pacific right then the soldier arrived service friction serum that person
invented at the time there coconut water coconut water I don't know if it's to take the car
to the hospital to an area that has a link for running on his engine, right, aline
in something he understood center if he was going to wait for scientific proof that
a lot of people died here it's the same thing
to enter there for me it worked I am a proof of that onix lorenzoni it worked
jorge oliveira myles is also taking a video conference with me ok
right the education minister hamilton also worked everyone took with
medical recommendation he thought to enter and also signing the consent form
responsibility is several municipalities in Brazil are getting in touch to leave
of request since we have so much time we have we have provided we have received
from the unit lab we also receive donations from outside and we serve
when the order is the municipalities ask and we deliver it so that the doctor can
prescribe as long as the patient also accepts this prescription and then takes it there
correct doses indicated and the relation to that drug observation in the
expects life to his orientations he is very
of course we tried to support the doctor because we talk about it, right in the system
unique health that god we observed about 2 months ago that many doctors of sus
were prescribing chloroquine hydroxide and other drugs without
some kind of position we have guidance from the ministry of health and by
other hand, several more humble vulnerable people sought care in the
sus and some sus doctors also did not prescribe that there was a degree of
guidance from the ministry of health the ministry of health picked up all the
medicines all medicines that were being used and prescribed
since the beginning of the pandemic the three an orientation on the best way to use
avoiding self-medication the best best best time to use each medication
what dose in which country and that drug would not do more
effect or it could have bigger side effects too this is aa this is the
main guidance regarding the use of medication we have no self medication
always being able doctor according to is within the prescribed doses evaluating leaving
the doctor to assess which patient is the best medicine for
it be medicines which is better some to a medicine has excuse has
patients that it is better to use a type of medication that is not suitable for
another patient because of that we have to remember one thing
diagnosis is sovereign of the doctor so sovereign sovereign vote so this is the
number one guidance from the ministry of health today we changed some
orientations are now your previous ones that at the time were the best orientations
the ministry for the day of the academy was that it was at the beginning and it was thought that it was
better the best procedure was to stay at home or having no symptoms and
when in the picture aggravated with shortness of breath and other things look for your
doctor this initial guidance was not effective what when the patient
I was already short of breath at the doctor, I was already serious, sometimes needing to be
intubated with invasive ventilators and this intubation procedure with
fans he showed himself with a degree of resolvability a degree of solution
very low so risk of you dying from there it was high so we
we verified during the pandemic that the best practices they were other
best practices of early treatment the early conduct of the doctor with my
I agree we guide the patient every medication and it will be fine and if
in case it gets worse he has to be monitored and he will quickly receive
the respiratory aid which is that oxygen catheter nose to mask
and this will allow him to pass the contamination period and stay
good that they needed to be intubated, so this is the big change that I think
that we always need to speak the Ministry of Health puts this of your
very clear website our website is the health point gov.br it is on the internet
so it's available to the whole world and it clearly has us
alright portuguese think you are with invite
and what to do is just click it will be all written what you should know about the color
2019 just click everything is written so these are the observations as soon as
i can talk about it you will continue after it is open to questions
there the augusto ronar zé maria who uses avoided degree to take advantage of the tasty someone
passed your zap he’s a figurine it wasn’t me who spent a look there
I was called a little while ago and it’s worth it until I hit this sticker there
in yours in your zap is it is well if you are going to say right you don't want
bathing what depends on his will and the average income does not
I understand prohibit asking I will talk to someone who wants to take care only
we still don't have a vaccine in the square and we don't have a proven remedy
scientifically and when you use certain medications that you can use there for a
having it once is not in the ass it's called his high right is a tea out of the recipe
mind ok many diseases would still exist in Brazil today without a cure if the
even if I had the freedom to work outside the package, okay?
people a seam has been successful
in several people in the circle of friendship among others here also has a mandate
video for me that follows on social networks that tells what happened
with you but if god is waiting for this, be free of it from here at
moment here is a little light with a young man with a young pan news 88 live white I
on facebook youtube 40,000 I'm losing him
and take a cloak from the gang there from augusto nunes, but it's only if my signal
of iron and pass to young pan while this live ends the young pan
there until seven o'clock until 20 o'clock go inside here you have
then look at the length of criticism or praise or not by a priest this one for him
augusto nunes mania is used in stained glass I go there we heard from me now
little is almost 9 million lost their jobs in
second quarter of the peak of paneleiro in the second semester does not have to
keep master is male April May June almost 9 million people have lost their
job I was already talking about we have at least two waves that a third
also the collection of life has to be concerned with it so it's after the
question of the session that many people of this also say certain that this effect
collateral is more serious than that of the giros itself, it's just talking about time
some some time ago there the economy is recovering health no I don't know
if you have to make the game an arrival account you cannot be closes everything
look here let's see the region of rio grande do sul now right now that the
videos I was hitting there now it's four months closed will close more deadline
it has already complicated the entire economy of rio grande do sul will compromise and today
I saw a video an audio I don’t know if it’s true or not very prefect it was
god so we mayor of the capital also that opening the governor does not want to
another seeing a certain clash there in the south is that some mayors and
governors with the policy of the bloc such we will close everything but expect a
a little bit it's just me I went to the second round with another guy listening in the
presidency imagine that other guy had won do you think he would be
supporting these measures of closing everything stays at home fine he is on the street
handcuffs who are on the beach or looking like the police are similar to ours although
with all due respect, the supreme federal court ruled that the
relapses are the exclusive responsibility of governors and mayors then
unemployment largely some governors to mayors have this
responsibility what day will we stay open question then will you give time
here and the class there of the young woman to do a
comment there coming that is criticizing we have no problem
in this 20 o'clock here so we have four questions right boy you can
answer I answer do one is tomorrow it's just you live god you want
in são vicente right and on the bridge there are two barreiros barreiros
oe together with rosana valle ok seeing finally those of that work
that so much disorder brought the population of são vicente santos and region first
ask some some bids
and then hi hi
the most affected and least affected and what am I huh
and then my friend really is the most
important was the desire for better the same dedication of everyone you are in
war effort everyone is focused on trying to win this war every
managers at all levels are trying at the beginning you had one I ended up
to put you had a protocol and that protocol brought many problems
let's go quickly the managers started receiving these guidelines and started
to adapt seeking to make the quick screening
hello to everyone who was sick with symptoms and from then on diagnosis
thus reducing the end of the queue the arrival at the respirator then the
first thing i saw very good was the attendance of sport screening is
immediately the was a thing that the techniques are also non-invasive
using the ones that even the girl to put the patient's back on
upwards to facilitate breathing peace of mind are equipment for
also facilitate breathing with oxygen and adapted structures in the
hospitals themselves expanding this ventilatory support unit I believe
that these relate to treatment in relation to the management of the patient
and practices of the worst practices, of course, have shown the reverse of that which is
focused only on ICU and patients waiting at home until these conditions are bad
are the two big differences we see is we also have managers who
were distributing medicines to the population even without a prescription
that is, one side of the thing we also disagree and we saw managers who didn’t
distribute the medicine by its own opposition team's own positions
also and the ideological that was also otherwise wrong i think that what the
people need to keep in mind is pragmatism is the lack of not really having
differentiation from nobody all Brazilians all together and we will
with that win this war and a favor you if you could you can comment the
right, the denial of the medication to those who are ill cannot be of a
decree of the governor or mayor and who decides I am a citizen is passing
maury is short of breath has a fever a tired is a doctor does not have to be in
decree today you will find the boy several state decrees there of
cid governor or most beautiful mayor of your retina any other medicine
or any other medication does not have to
which takes in the bahia for example the governor the simple event foreseeing a
serious problem in porto Seguro a doctor there who asked for the medicine to
people, right, I don't prefer whether or not any order that comes from us
knowledge play there for health the patron's team who decides this
thing but my god in heaven cannot the decree of the governor of this is of the
peace inside the front what popcorn is this what business is this is a decree of the
mayor fawning over the governor following the guidance of how I'm going to do
who hard she is going to take or did not understand doctor and period another
asks if he is right josé maria trindade i
and there and there
what if there was an ah I don't know when
[Song]
to be lesser question months is there anything could have been done by the ministry
of health by the federal government
and then hi friend I think what needs to be
of course is that everyone dependent on those who are at that moment he has to
be focused on doing your best to do what created in knowledge
at that time, at the time that the Ministry of Health at the time that the
managers we executive find solutions or discover better things
quickly we change quickly the movement protocol changes
a guideline so what can I secure
and the death curve of the number of deaths it does not need to be directly linked
to the number of contaminated number of contaminated depends on a lot of
factors own ignorance of the virus of the form of contagion of this virus to
the speed of counting makes it impossible for us to predict
exactly every curve now the death curve not great man has to do with
how we deal with the patient who took it and really became symptomatic and
really got worse so this case is exactly this is how it is done is
and what will change and what can change the death curve is you apply the
the learning as fast as possible the learning I already said before the
answer that we changed was to see the doctor immediately the doctor so
sovereignty for your diagnosis and will prescribe your medications take the
medications immediately and keep cattle to the doctor to be accompanied
if you get worse you should and with an initially supported structure
ventilatory system does not necessarily have to be intubated with the catheter with the
that you can complete the general and complete cycle without reaching the need for a
respirator if we knew this at the beginning of the year we had all the
necessary certainties to take and surely the ministry would have taken
this position then the positions also depend on the learning curve and it is up to
the manager at that moment to evaluate the new ideas of making the decisions of
change and implement those changes we will have in this second stage now of
pandemic if you understand that the north and south are two very different stages
northeast of the country and was impacted there in the beginning of March so far in
June was a great impact on our Northeast and now the impact of the Center-South
Southeast Southeast and Midwest Some cases that we will have the upsurge
increase in cases and thus the need for greater treatment in these
states because of winter has to do with winter in the south this is the time
the number of cases increases, the cases increase, we don’t have a single
dinner now the treatment of the sick yes and I can guarantee the lords of
the south of the country is certainly clearly following these positions that I
I put here to tell you about a treatment is to take advantage of the samaria the protocols
usually serves as the north which the doctor of sus I will not say that it is a
bible this as the north the people of mandetta management were there in the protocol and
this drug here hydroxychloroquine could only be applied in severe cases
good and we had information I went through one but he has a doctor
saying that you applied in the beginning and he was radically against and that the focus
I don’t know what he is, his professional what I wanted to know about him,
the suggestion laughing was imposition my suggestion is to release it to a doctor
decide whether a serious condition or not applying this practically
good then with you talk there boy could have been avoided you can only avoid
deaths of people with comorbidity or of a certain age only that falls completely
recluses a lot of everything and even then she can get a video people somebody will
bringing her some food is a good newspaper she puts her hand on the handle of a
door and affection is contaminated for you now like adventure this here if
check later when we have the day before yesterday in the Italian study saying that
greatly reduce the number of eggs for those taking hydroxychloroquine and taking it early is okay
those people who banned in the big hand in the tethas that guy who
won the dictator of the state where the whole municipality is not all are not using
everybody not in the big hand until the documentary we have is everybody here
these people have to answer because you liked it based on what evidence
scientific you went and it may also be that later on you
prove that this growing up santana effective like that or even effective patience
happens we have to make a decision we have the doctor no less he takes
decisions when talking about her doctor listening I didn't speak drawing a hundred more
meters you have there accept death if something could have been avoided around here
then see that there was then I boats bridges here our minister of science
technology has invested in has the scientific name even known as anitta
it looks like god and appears according to google verification not second test
right, people committing it worked too, so that's it, okay, we have to take
decisions your chief executive officer like editor in chief of the newspaper hence you
it must be a seam right something happens take up a line that is not it is
well that with the passage of time here also happens but we have to decide
we have you order the news and here we have to press passed your with the
society has no medicine and no vaccine, this is a good thing, saying that
no problem I asked now that the minister is in it today all the itamaraty
itamaraty right is to inform me for real at together ambassadors like in africa which
it was the amount of dead in each state because she just took it right here
will also ask our ambassador to india also for the number of
eggs there are a billion and four 300 million inhabitants
I am poor, right, there are many, many and many energy are people that you
many, you know, call it back here you put glasses right and the number
of deaths can underneath and listening
and there and there
that this drop is not is really those votes were
registered as invitation 19 as the ministry of health
and there and there
the people who died competing which completely changes the perception of
population about
is a blouse well the question is very good because it moves to another position
inside the ministry of health that practically defined that it could only give
with the case if confirmed if it had the test then he this position she
took away from the doctor his sovereignty to make the diagnosis so moment that the doctor
could not make the diagnosis, this treatment was done with a
diagnosis of an indeterminable disease in many cases a syndrome
severe acute respiratory and that kind of thing so when you don’t have you don’t
have the diagnosis of corrid if you have to treat without diagnosis
when you have no diagnosis, if the person dies, there is the fatality of
die and will also be buried with a disease and a half is undetermined or
maximum respiratory ah and will not have put there invite and
with that we would not have the correct notification being placed so when you
do not have the diagnosis from the beginning what yes or no you can slip
for both sides to treat a person who has no invitation as an invitation
how to treat a person who has invite as he does not correct and this makes the
data become very difficult this is this is the real reason for us to have
difficulties today to evaluate people who were not invited
it is but like that pandemic and that situation was epidemiological data
they were confused the doctor ended up asking how to actually correct you
said pneumonia forms so the lack of clinical diagnosis supported by exams
laboratories supported by imaging exams in the epidemiological concept
and this basically the and draws from the feet are done in the correct way and in the
correct time what you need to understand the test is only effective with two types of
test the test has a quick test the serological test it will check if
you have the antibodies and this has only been effective for anything
after the 14th day where you will understand and you are already asymptomatic and you are already with
antibodies before that give you results of all kinds which confuses the
diagnosis and logically confuses the multiple test treatment that when
mp-pr and checks if you have a virus is the same if you are not under
medical follow-up with the diagnosis from the beginning the time of the test also
it's wrong it only works from the fifth day on
and until the 5th day you have a virus and the zero test from the fifth day to the day
sorry alberto and change the commandments he will give you the position that
you have a virus on the fourteenth day of the fourteenth day at your house today
will have will be lower the test can again have an answer
inadequate then the tests are for the doctor to complement your diagnosis
as long as you are accompanying the patient and that moment that must be done
so I refute the own is say the doctor’s impossibility at the time
put that way of making your diagnosis of your follow-up to
these and fixes the difficulties of having exactly the reason why
who were killed because we lost Brazilians there due to various types of disease
and if you use only personal ah I understand your action remedy
questioning I have fewer people, right, dying of a certain disease than
died last year well it's mousse this is credited to the invitation ok he has
three four five community is elderly and regrets i am ah ok really situation
quite complicated and I personally die with the video is not a rule
this but in some cases some doctors the little bit an autopsy is also that
boot invitation in some cases have come to the attention of us okay in the
power that are reliable sources but this information arrives for people 15
little one and it's an autopsy okay then it's an
difference already saw your motives matter there in the young pan in the dangerous go to
song to die with the invitation, you want to see another community added sometimes
the age of of convert I saw published in the official journal of the state union nec
responsible for the responsibility of the governor of the state of são paulo is
saying clearly translated there in that publication that the doctor at the
verify whether or not it could be verified in practice if it is that the video is not for
put an invitation so sleep over some there I don’t know what interest in some
runners give 6 to walk in that direction, you know, bring more panic to the
population as it’s killing more people are dying than what we
we can do in this matter there is no medicine there is no vaccine so
regrettably people who do not get and even get the vaccine once against
viruses will have a great chance of getting complicated and even then it now leaves
suspicious, you know, just just what you said that other communities are not going to
there are also a lot less people in the past and that counts everything for the curriculum
to talk about a problem presenting an idea, right, but modern, growing but active
complement then is adding an idea
who is this this all this exit what will happen to us right what
that has to do the the flowers the fleas have already gone up have come down from the north northeast
of course, just look at our graphics, which are updated 24 hours a
day online you are there at our health point gov.br locate sus and you will see yours
city ​​its state its metropolitan region and the interior of the state
exact curve of contamination and deaths and you will see which is your rich will see
whether the measures of your state municipal manager are compatible with the risk
you see in the curve itself so let's understand that the
habits ah because I can still go with existence
of the different coronary cell coronavirus for all of us but we will see that
normally we will wash more siblings we will wear a mask sometimes inside a
airplane where a lot of people are closed in the air conditioning when the guy sfiha
close to us is not health anymore, I said, put my brother bike rally on the other side
what is all it is to contaminate everyone then the lips will change sent
to sneeze the health guy health is going to be like the other business point here i'm
longer here the half hour has already threatened and she spoke audio out there so the habits
let’s change hygiene habits habits of social interaction habits and we’ll
live with this new lips and this new coronavirus like that
when the vaccine arrives and if you have it today what cases
scientifically proven etc etc. facilitates the containment of the virus more
or less will always exist as there is hiv as there are influenza viruses a
influenza in so many other viruses and diseases that we take medicine but if
hiv not me hiv was in the past tang flowers hiv not that
but I used to take what was in that gvt it wasn’t it isn’t
hi mana say say it's ugly it's written it's hard this is this story
interesting to make a comparison what this shows that what we live this
pandemic to change, right? What happened is that people prepare more
condoms decrease their their is social coexistence in some cases exchange
led screen to do the do to do the bar cut hair and color at the barber
the gillette took off in the face of the new thing that doesn’t exist the guy cut his hair
fan it's okay to use a razor it also gives a razor so these
habits these changes can speak of hiv mia hiv continues to exist used
if there is August, most of that silver is contaminated and the life that follows is
so it will also be with coronelismo and regrets all our already
it's coming number 6 the first week week to arrive
will probably come to life and look for a way to get away from this problem
today be the question there
the pills
health and you talk even in the amount of 4 million pills wanted to know
exactly what is the quantity available to the ministry of health today
that you think there was a projection error if the government estimated
use a larger amount than what has actually been used and how it was
and those pills came by government donations paid for that
o and mainly with the resistance of the
today this supply of chloroquine and what is going to be done then from that
minister material thank you good night my friend who is there is very happy to have
a lot of stock but unfortunately our stock space is low and the
most of them just for the record it costs practically nothing a color tablet o
that we are tempted and we actually meet a lot more demand than
spontaneous distribution in fact municipalities ask all the time to
distribution of our products and we have some logistics
very complicated, equal to the greatest difficulty in logistics and distribution
is not to buy a pill that costs a penny it is really to distribute
this here in asking so our our biggest goal is to really do
with whoever is really in need and wanting
and make it available on the medical network on the network to talk so that doctors can
prescribe handing over the patient they may have that possibility there is a
we’re going to have a hard time touching them, we’re the other way around
people have found it very difficult to maintain the delivery of everyone who wants
enjoy the apron so you can get 4 million pills that some are so
finding that I stock exaggerate divide by half a dozen and each patient half
a dozen pills would give a dose to less than 700 thousand people minus 60 thousand people
so we have to have more I put it is still raining but still and more there
I accepted from the visitor the donation of 1 million pills that have not yet been
were distributed that his pack also has 100 pills from the pack
kidnapped greater than the greatest life so curiosity o the mayor
in mato grosso do sul trade has a video asked us for the medicine with the
we sent there and then some servers I think we from the head of the
behind that some servers started another person there to receive it spoke here
the pill is not the president Bolsonaro who sent it right I do not send
nothing you gonna say hi it was the job you sent to jessica nor was you a disciple
understanding the pills the present this trump of us has a density here
too much tablet there may be happiness and I have no problem I
call us are not kidding you have more send through call to come
get the brother from the plane here and we assign this material there
for now it worked with me success with a lot of people and we have little here
too much this material eh routine exchange is used valeria're lupus arthritis
and also here is the doctor over there arthritis I think these three things are right
I'm going to let the people of Pingo Doce threads already 19:45
you who are there our our page speaks for the drops we are now let's go
listen to a few months and your team of commentators close with a flourish
this interview here of our pampering health the knee thank you all
until the week he is
what's up